The ship is at judgment now, and all of this labor will have gone to naught because
you may get submitted before you have an opportunity to consult fully with the various
entities involved.
However, having said that, it's spectacularly insist on being heard as part of the carol
that's Carol and it's on the right point.
I believe that it's important that the town of Macquarie give its position, that Mr.
Welk gives its position, and that anybody gives their position, because there's another
person here, and that's public opinion.
As the weather these hearings should be limited to a few people, or whether the time that
people can be asked questions should be limited, and we should hear all the principles involved.
And after being on the stand for 13 days, the secretary, or Senator Macquarie, or anybody
else involved in these hearings wants to make a statement prior to this motion being submitted
for final passing tomorrow, I respectfully state Mr. Chairman that I think they should have
that right at this time.
Chair has said and proposed to begin the discussion tomorrow morning by giving all principles and
the council an opportunity after having Macquarie judgments formed on the basis of studying
the various proposals to arrive at its conclusion.
Well, I would say my chair is in the suspension of the Army.
For example, I say, I say, help form my authority.
He will do that for the road to call, and he has said further that it, and he has the
principles now insist on discussing these determinations without having had an opportunity
to consider them carefully.
Of course, he will grab them the courtesy of the floor, and if he grants it to one, he will
grab it to all.
He simply buys and the interest is trying to arrive at some kind of conclusion to suggest that
before any of the decisions, he numbs the creative decision on this, they have at least an
opportunity to read the direction proposed with reference, and to see the Macquarie and
propose looking right.
And instead of that, still there are people who want to be heard from outside the committee,
and the justice here, of course, he will give.
I would like to be heard about my secretary, who is a very big replacement, but I want
the position of the Army to be unmissed to be cleared.
Mr. Welk made that position clear this morning, and I will read from it this afternoon.
I've classified on it, Sam, before, and I'm out of the fire again.
But I think every witness who has a fight for the Americans just be brought here and just
have to find and to get all the facts on this day.
Now this committee, under the, this here is a hearing, it was your own decision.
You made the rules.
One of the rules that said me, I certainly had to do with the fact that they were going
to be public here.
And if you later said that they would be televised, I see no reason to change the rules
at this time, unless there is a mean bandwidth, some real expediting of the hearing's
that I was carrying on.
And I just like speaking 40 on it, to say that we have a period here in the best of fights
to fight at all the facts in front of this committee, and we are satisfied to continue that
process no matter how long it takes.
And if the other principle is now going to be heard, it's not going to proceed with the
interrogation of the...
I was made in the fight when I came on to adjust them, perhaps if we had a rule, because
we know more of the speeches about exiledering the hearing, and that might exiled
them more than anything else.
There is rapidly approaching the point where he can concur with that observation, but
most does bring eternal in the human draft.
Now, we will begin in the morning and with a consideration of motion which maybe made or
not made, as they are made, who will consider them, and the general subject of expediting
their hearing.
The very position remains unchanged.
He thinks he's having should be expedited.
He thinks that the world has some tremendous challenges confronting it, and so does our
country.
Now, we see the leaves, both the sunnets, and the feet of the reperson in the arms.
It might better be the voting ever, too.
He believes, however, that no system for foreshortening the hearing, could be superimposed upon
the distance, so long as the entities involved claim that by so doing, if it be unfair or unjust
to them.
So unless we can have a meeting of minds, I presume, we will have a long continuation of
that.
I think that as the conclusion of our meeting this morning, Mr. Stone, you had five minutes
ago.
I'll start with you that much.
Mr. Stevens, are you excited?
Mr. Stevens, we discussed with you, did we not, the necessity of tracking into the
an accomplished information in Army intelligence?
That's right.
So before you issue the charges on Mr. Stone and Mr. Stone and my self, we have just
had the fact that it might be extremely important for us to do it, if you would not do
it that is, to win the questions, come in the central question, Army intelligence.
Well, that's under constant study, Senator.
Did you hear my question, Mr. Secretary?
The question is, did I discuss with you?
Well, I conclude in a set of days, of our committee investigating some of this intellectual
trace of Army intelligence, if you yourself, your subordinates did not do that job.
I did not recall that.
So have you, of course, have a great interest in any coming of this intellectual trace of
Army intelligence like you know, I certainly have.
Are you aware, Mr. Secretary, of their report issued, under the termmanship of Mr.
Stone and Mr. Stone, are you aware that the question regarding the coming of this intellectual
trace of Army intelligence?
I don't think that I am out of it.
Do you think Mr. Secretary that having done an offer, how long you have done an offer
now, since February 4, 1952?
That's the heavyweight.
About a year and a half.
About a year and a quarter.
Do you think it's rather unusual that you have never learned this report by the House Committee
in regard to coming of intellectual trace?
That's what it is, I just don't think it's clear.
The report is not a label, a report on Army intelligence, a label that could be in the
floor of the massacre.
In this report, like one of the first in this column, I think it's a very important
report of the massacre.
In this report, like one of the first in this column, this is a very, very important
Perhaps the share with the derelicts is known they have the other matters that they might
have done with the case of the audience.
The audience may not.
Mr. Mayor, I have the committee.
There will be no audible manifestations of the approval of any kind of the type.
And that the opportunities have a standing rule that will likely escort from the rules
anybody, anything it and violating the conditions under which you think.
I will not ask the officers to be dexter people who end up with the hearings at that time,
because the share did not succeed in that warning at the beginning of the meeting.
It has now been repeated.
I will ask the officers to be in court this purpose.
I'm going to go back and make a decision.
Mr. Tutton, we've got a file that will remember the people who are in the audience.
39 of the persons who were very orderly, they realized that they were the guests at the committee.
They thought the center was the guests.
When I asked you about coming to Central face of the Army, I heard a loud gustle on the back
of the room trying to come and back there, I think this is fun.
Do you think there's anything funny about coming to Central face of the government?
No, sir.
I'm sorry.
I'm sure you would.
Now, Mr. Secretary, introduce someone, A. Tutton, you never heard of this report,
put out under the permit ship.
A permit from Madden, which makes recommendations insofar as coming to Central face of the
concerned, coming to the Institute as Army Intelligence.
One of the far out.
They say that this was determined.
Mr. Secretary, 1962, the exact date, December 22, 1932, has been several months before you took over.
I'm not familiar with that, but more.
You know, if anyone in your department has gone into the matter, suggest that Mr. Porton.
I do not know that of my own first hand now, but I'd be to make sure they have.
Can I just read you some of the reports?
I read this new inspection with the conversation you and I have had in regards to investigation
of the two.
More amazing to this committee.
In testimony, I read it to the page 8.
A testimony of three high-ranking American Army officers who were stationed in Army Intelligence
during General Bussard's command of this agency that I believe was 1944 and 1945,
testifying an executive section all three agreed.
There was a pool of both Soviet civilian employees and some military and Army intelligence
who found explanations for almost everything that the Soviet Union did.
These same witnesses told a tremendous effort, they're directed by this group,
to suppress as I come and I still get reports.
The committee likewise heard testimony that stopped ranking Army officers who were too
critical of the Soviets, were by far the Army intelligence.
Have you ever made any attempt to see whether or not those individuals are still there,
or whether they had been removed?
But that's the duty day in 1944 and 1945.
That's not in my part.
I think this report was issued in 1910, but what's heard is it's referring to General Bussard's command?
As I recall, General Bussard was in command of this agency to in 1944 and 1945 on any mistake
and you can ask one of your age back there about your due to the command of your life.
When it turned with the secretary, I'm not blaming you for what General Bussard did.
You were not here, but I'm asking you whether or not.
No, a lot of us are not here.
That's not my fault.
I'm asking you whether or not.
If you were to practice the Court of the late 1952, about two months before you took over,
for the use, instituted any proceeding, any theft, either after this report or after my conversation with you,
to find out who the three Army officers were to follow them and to get their testimony,
and then find removed those coming of the Thursday were still there.
Did you do anything at all?
I talked to the secretary.
My secretary said,
What do you think I inquire, as I directed you off in 1944 and 1945,
embodied in a report years later in two, but before the secretary took over,
how can it be material, whether on in 1944 or 1945, in the theory?
But the panel don't look at what's left of the theory.
Yes, the secretary decided to file the care of the law,
and the objection that if the question goes to the point of whether or not the officer is the legend,
to have been charged towards communism in 1944 and 1945,
I was there now, and whether the secretary has determined to find out whether or not they are there now,
it would be a certain question.
However, the time was expired, so he will have to rephrase it, and he don't have.
And if you think it.
While the rounds are going around, let's return to our studios to cut the country to permit our stations to identify themselves.
This is ABC Television Network.
National World's Vice-Rocke America, on ambassadors,
Basement, Metropolitan, the sling now is the next, and here's the big-sized farm cell.
A famous national member of Family Sudan, factory delivery, George, for only $1,560.
That's your next dealers now.
Modern hospitality calls for licensed customers.
All the property got a cotton location that George has to be present without selling.
September, I think it was in 1945.
No further questions.
Any objections?
We'll proceed.
Thank you, sir.
Mr. Corona, thank you.
Mr. Secretary, the manager of timing and ask the secretary about his army experience now, Senator McCarty.
I have a few of the fewer and not-immemium intelligence in 1944 and 1945.
The factory might not be responsible for going on today.
I would suggest that Senator timing can listen a bit more closely and follow the expressments.
Senator Brees, those are Marching Your-Your-Your-Question, the Wednesday-Mount-Anne-Law.
Senator Brees, if you-
Mr. Brees, I'm sure Brees, Senator McCarty, you should not comment on the question adopted by the members of the committee.
The committee that's eliminated the advisory authority for the Secretary.
Mr. Secretary, you understand that we're not talking about what you might have done in 1944 and 1945.
We're just talking about what you might have done after you became Secretary of the Army.
You understand that, huh?
Yes, sir?
I'm sure that you and I will agree that here's where our communists in highest positions in Army intelligence.
In 1944 and 1945, but they just wouldn't pull up their camp.
Another own free will steal away and leave that very important position.
We'd agree on that with them.
Well, yes, sir, but in 1944 and 1945, we had allies in Williams, the former state.
So, yes.
And that's certainly not the justification for having an in-man-forty-five.
I think it was wrong when I'm asking this person.
You agree with me, I assume?
That if this report is correct that there were communists and info-fettas, they too.
And when he positions in 45, that the odds are that they are still there and that someone has removed them,
my question was to the point of further enough, since you have taken over, but you took any steps to remove them.
I say the odds are that they are definitely not there.
The odds are what you're based on, Mr. Secretary.
Well, I just think that the continuing process going on in V2 all the time of investigation and research,
and I think if there were communists in there, I don't know if I would have to be proved on that one.
If they were, I would not worry much that they were there now.
Well, now, General Parkford is ahead of V2.
I assume it's very much with the responsibility of removing communists.
Any head of V2, whether it's Parkford, you're Boeing or anyone else would be.
Let's take the archipelago. General Parkford, while he was in, while he's head of V2 on the U.S. Man,
have the responsibility of removing communists. That's right.
Go ahead.
And did you remove him?
Because you found that he was completely incumptured.
I did not.
Did you tell me Mr. Secretary that you didn't have enough to call in before the committee?
That you incumptured and removed him because you felt he was incumptured?
Did you know that if you were, we'd cover all this and say the touch of the money.
I'll sign it on the car, but I'll be glad that they were just against the money.
We'll cover it quickly.
We covered it all before.
I'll send you to the committee to fix it.
I'm right here at the tech phase.
That has been covered thoroughly before.
Apparently, it's been worn threat by him.
And I object to any further questioning in respect to General Parkford.
It's competency-oriented.
Mr. Chairman.
The inspection has been covered.
I think they cannot see the seat.
Have you asked those questions before?
Mr. Chairman, there is nothing worn but there.
We're talking about coming and joining our army in telecom.
If we can waste time with teachers here for hours this morning,
and always ask him in about how all the different centers are available,
except I'm hearing them.
Then I can have two minutes, I think.
You ask the Secretary about the removal of a man who will be now poiled,
and I remove the coming.
The Secretary has told me that he feels the coming of the removal.
And I want to question him as much as I can in the vigil as a removal.
What's that in the vigil?
We're in charge of removing him.
Are you suggesting that General Parkford was a communist?
I'm not suggesting him that.
Well, I want to know about that.
But you don't answer my question?
Oh, Chairman.
I'll tell you.
Actually, I say again that on yesterday in life, life weep.
Secretary was examined very closely with respect to the qualifications of General Parkford.
I highly agree with Secretary on that,
and I think it is the men that say,
wait for just a minute's time to repeat those questions with respect to General Parkford.
And I suggest the center of democracy be required to place on to some new subjects.
Mr. Secretary, do you have an office there,
and any security risk to fund this from G2?
I'll have to check it up, Senator.
Let the back for you.
So do you know of any of this time?
I don't care how much my head knows.
It was this time you're not aware of a single security risk.
It was the vendor from G2.
Senator McLeod, I can't carry all the facts about every part of this great army fed all over the world in my head.
There's just thousands of things that I don't know if it's appropriate to do with this.
I have a very collective memory that was going to come to you.
Now, from phase 14, the report states the United States Congress
to investigate the wartime and postwar operations of Army intelligence and the counterintelligence agency.
It was pointed out to our committee in executive seconds.
It's quite a number of employees in G2 who were suspected of communist or left-wing sensibilities.
Or it transferred to CIA.
Yes, the CIA.
Did anyone ever bring this to your attention?
I thought I was not familiar with the report on them as far as they put the first time.
Mr. Secretary, isn't my call to report to your attention?
I'll read you the next investigation.
I do not recall any buts.
Do you recall that I ever, just just with you the necessity of your chasing after the war?
Of your chasing action, D2?
Just with fresh your recollection.
Did I tell you that if we started checking the D2?
That'd be the usual hassle of our corporate security information.
What does not?
And I saw the security partner.
I thought you were around that time.
I thought you were just trying to find some of the do-that.
Don't you recall that?
I do not.
And any, any adventures?
Let me answer this.
The other day you thought that you had asked the FBI
to make the investigation the fourth month.
No.
Am I right from this?
That is not the usual function of the FBI.
That the unit should do that with the Army intelligence.
If I'm curious to know what the ginsengence of confidence in your own intelligence agency,
or how you have bypassed Army intelligence,
and ask the FBI to do it.
May I say I think it is a good idea to ask the FBI to do it?
If you would have called their recommendation.
Mr. Chairman?
Yes, question of the security.
I think it's a good idea to ask, Mr. Secretary.
Did you or not say the other day that you had asked the FBI to investigate the fourth month?
I did.
You did.
That's it.
You part?
The Secretary of State Department of Justice.
Well, did the question go that the University will not conclude the Secretary of State what the question was.
Was there one water we were able to do?
No.
Council asked a clarifying question with Alan TOA.
I thought perhaps the Secretary would not carry these lines in this meeting.
I think that's right.
I'll be right back.
In any event, let me ask you this.
The other day, you said that you had asked the FBI to make the investigation at Fort Monmouth.
Now, am I correct in this that that is not the usual function of the FBI?
That the unit which should do that would be the Army Intelligence.
I'm curious to know whether you didn't have confidence in your own intelligence agency,
or why you might ask Army Intelligence and ask the FBI to do it.
I think it is a good idea to ask the FBI to do it if you follow the recommendation.
That's a long and complicated question with the staff.
I thought I answered the best I can.
We certainly did not buy cash for Army Intelligence.
They were in its volume completely at all times.
We have a very close working arrangement with the FBI as I pointed out before.
We have a full-time representative, so you know, see two intelligence divisions of the FBI.
And we utilize their facilities and they utilize ours.
They are close working relationships.
And when we invited the FBI on a tentative April 1953,
to make this investigation,
to not bypassing our own people's hall,
it was simply supplementing and making sure that the proper kind of a job was done so far as we were able to do it.
You didn't follow me.
Mr. Steven, you said you didn't recall.
You're right, it's just me, the Susan, the Deputy of the Investigations Army Intelligence.
At the same point, the Attorney General,
I know that there has been a communist in the suspect,
and you sent out a refresher like a lecture.
Did I know on September 28th last year,
give you the name of the major,
tell you that he could give you great detailed information about current communist in the suspect?
Did you not then, and I might suggest, follow that measure,
did you not spend about two hours with him discussing communist in the suspect?
How many of the intel patients of Army intelligence?
Not that, not that, I mean, intelligence and more than that intel patient, and anywhere it is not.
You recall the major's name, and I'm not asking for the name now, but you recall the name?
No, but I'm sure I could look it up.
I will pass the back to you.
I was just a phone call.
That's, that's not the major public wants to share it for orders.
It's up to refresher like a lecture.
When you put that in your pocket, I turned up with the secretary.
Okay.
Now that you see that, do you remember that I, after discussing communist infiltration in the Army intelligence,
I suggest that you, that you see that particular major?
I remember you were suggesting that the prosecutor followed.
Yes, I don't remember all the other words you used about that.
Right, and you did, you did the senior.
I did.
And you spent about two hours with me?
No, not that long.
How long?
Well, I should thank you, just as I guess.
I could remember, I think about maybe 40 minutes, something like that.
40 minutes.
And now your number is refreshed, so you recall.
That I gave you his name during the course of a conversation with we's hands.
In regard to communist infiltration of Army intelligence, at the time I suggested that you conduct the investigation.
And really about that, Bert?
And I told you we couldn't investigate everything.
I did not recall that.
Well, here's my old Mr. Secretary.
Now, why I asked you to talk to Mr. Dutton about this, because you thought that he had some information on matters that it was a good thing for me to know about.
And did you think he had information for you?
Well, I just like to say this, but I was not particularly impressed with it.
He did the investigation.
Current time in the infiltration.
In the Army intelligence.
Not intelligence.
I spoke of that.
It's not inclusive.
But I mean, I should discuss that.
One night he discussed that as well as other things.
Many other things.
And he gave you name.
And even, isn't he?
He mentioned very often.
As I say, I was my evaluation of the information.
It was not too.
I did.
It was inaccurate, my evaluation.
But I didn't evaluate it too highly.
Let's forget how you learned it.
Did this major give you the name of individuals who we considered communists who were at that particular day, the 20th, 1953?
In Army intelligence having access to our intelligence reports.
I don't recall that he did.
No.
Well, now, do you think it might be a good idea to be telling back to him and get the information?
But I said I did not evaluate the information too highly, kind of, partly.
I've got other sources of information and I think it's an endless of periods.
Which I rather rely on.
Did you ever turn the...
Did you make a number on them?
What the major has told you?
I think I may have scratched the note or two.
Well, you make very lengthy memorandum about the time they've signed the private I'm just wondering if you made any memorandum about this major gave you the name.
Oh, oh.
The time you had to tell us just a little on a scratch that I taught my class.
You won't have a good name.
The time is...
The time is expired.
Uh, the defense?
I have no question.
The defense is in the service to my lesson.
The defense is out.
I'll take a little time here.
I think you'll let me wasn't there.
But, uh, I'm the most sensitive about the...
Though I've just decided to take a great deal of time and making speeches about expediting the hearing.
I have some figures here that I'd like to read into the record of this time.
At the hearing Thursday morning, May 6th.
There were 18,800 plus words.
The Denim McCarthy and his counsel took 6,200 or 33 percent.
All the others who taught,
from 11 as an average, including the counsel,
who had not limited, as you know, by time,
as all the time he wants to establish the facts.
They took 12,640 or 67 percent.
The hearing the afternoon of May 6th.
35 percent of the words that were at that hearing were uttered by Denim McCarthy or his counsel.
And on Friday, May 7th, the last hearing before today.
Out of 15,377 words,
7,403 or 48 percent were uttered by Denim McCarthy and his counsel.
All the others, including the counsel for the committee,
some 11,
buttered, 30,790,6, and so forth, or 60 percent.
Now, I do not raise these figures in a further contention.
Mr. Gammon, but I think it's fair to say that the senators on this committee have had very little to do,
with the length of the testimony with respect to Secretary Stephen.
That's all I have to say.
Any defenders in my right have any questions?
Injection?
Go well.
In the metrics.
Mr. Secretary, under his family's command,
is the chairman's counting words.
That's his privilege if he wants to.
Let me ask you this, regardless of the number of words that were uttered,
I assume you would agree with me that we still haven't been able to guess from you the names,
those, the names of those who gave special duty to the final promotion,
honorable discharges to a communist major.
Objection?
Oh, it's like the question.
Objection is the same.
Both these objections are the same, then I would like to...
I had withdrawn the questions that the chairman wants to have been.
The Jackson of the President has withdrawn.
I would like to ask you this, Mr. Chair.
Chair has gone, you have withdrawn the question.
The same as others, and I cheated.
I did not know you.
Mr. Secretary, you understand the person, Mr. Siaming and the Council's words.
This is important.
The apparently accounted for me, I said, my name is Siaming and you've counted words,
not this is important.
You also counted the words of Mr. Stevens' answer and I described those immediately.
Great old son of the party, that you bring that point out,
since the Jackson pointed it out, in the fact that all of that,
the all the words of the 52 percent,
as it gains the 48 percent to your side,
as they hurry and try to include the words of the Secretary of the Army,
and everybody else do that, anything.